Gwenevere Abriel: Oh. Huh, good sound video you're settling into a lot, get a pretty turquoise blouse on there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I've been curious to know how you and your daughter are doing. I should have been wondering
Debbie Barker: Whoa, okay she's standing in a room. Most of the time we have been or June or anything not here lately anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, what do you make about that she's kind of isolating in her room. Well, how do you interpret that
Debbie Barker: She's
Debbie Barker: Already called
Debbie Barker: Think of it here in a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isolating
Gwenevere Abriel: Or passive aggression, what good is it good or bad.
Debbie Barker: Well, it's
Debbie Barker: She's dope sick. That's the closest I can come to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Drawing she's, she's kicking off novia
Yo,
Debbie Barker: And had anything today a little bit yesterday, but nothing today.
Gwenevere Abriel: So she's hot, cold sweats, diarrhea, vomiting, she's miserable.
Yo, okay.
Debbie Barker: Waited all night in a room for somebody just show up and I guess nobody ever showed up.
Debbie Barker: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So each time we meet
Gwenevere Abriel: I hear you getting closer and closer to being fed up.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you doing,
Gwenevere Abriel: Today with that.
Debbie Barker: All right, I haven't been up for very long. I didn't go to sleep late last night and I didn't get up till after 10 today.
Gwenevere Abriel: What kept you awake.
Debbie Barker: I don't know. Sometime I just have a hard time going to sleep.
Debbie Barker: And have any trouble going back to sleep. This morning, though.
Debbie Barker: I'm going to sleep.
Debbie Barker: Don't breath, so why not rest while I can.
Gwenevere Abriel: Write for thing you are exhausted.
Debbie Barker: Now, some time I take a week or so, where I don't sleep very well, but it's something that I've dealt with for a long time.
Gwenevere Abriel: My interest because I spend
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably the
Gwenevere Abriel: 95 99% of the time, the very first thing I check in on is about sleep because I think it's so important.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and you're not getting regular sleep says a lot to me, and I don't think it's a small thing.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what I'm hearing you say is, for now, Kathy is not a it's not an urgent issue right now. Is that right, you're not having people crawling in in and out of the window.
Debbie Barker: Right. No, she applied for a grant and got a grant. So hopefully, she'll be able to get herself an apartment and that kind of thing.
Okay.
Debbie Barker: Wonderful want my freedom back
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. Okay, well that's on the horizon. That's cool.
Yo,
Debbie Barker: I just hope it happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Does your
Gwenevere Abriel: You may have already told me this is your daughter already know about what buprenorphine can do to mitigate the withdrawal symptoms that if she didn't want to
Gwenevere Abriel: taper it as okay
You know,
Debbie Barker: She's not got a proper ID.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And she where you're not sure if she misplaced or birth certificate. I think there was something about that. Right.
Debbie Barker: Robin, she didn't
Debbie Barker: I'm kinda hanging on to things like that.
Debbie Barker: So get her license and then show she loses everything
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So today I want to touch a little bit on what I call a treatment plan review just make a little statement about each one of your goals. When we first
Gwenevere Abriel: I asked K, you know, what do you want to do with the substance use and then I also asked, What do you want to do as far as what's your goal around the psychological the emotional
Gwenevere Abriel: The behavioral health peace, especially folks that have a history of depression, anxiety and some trauma and you I think have had all of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you mentioned when we first met a goal of yours was, I would like to feel better.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I put in parentheses. I thought you meant your body, but I could be wrong.
I do
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just make a little statement about how your body is doing these days.
Debbie Barker: Sucks today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah what hurts.
Debbie Barker: Oh, my back hurts really bad headache.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is that that often go along with when you have course link to those tend to kind of follow each other. The back activates the
Heavier
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Debbie Barker: My allergies to
Debbie Barker: Take three times a week for my apologies.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then we see something. I don't see
Gwenevere Abriel: So it looks like. For some reason, I don't have a me see if it's up somewhere else.
Gwenevere Abriel: I only have that as your goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think it might be important to define one today. This has more applicability to some of the topics you and I have talked about, like, You're early. You're early childhood.
Gwenevere Abriel: The developmental trauma. Some of the trauma history, maybe even around sleep. It can be anything having to do with sort of that mental health space.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your own words, what would you like more of, or what would you like less than when you think about your mental health, let's say,
Debbie Barker: More time to myself. Okay, be glad when this pen didn't win this Corona stuff slows down.
Debbie Barker: Yep. Why, I don't know, it's going to take a long time for, like, get back to normal.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want more time to myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now if Cassie wasn't there is that the primary issue, or is it really
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to be. I want time to myself to go to the market when I want to to go to the hairdresser when I want to. Is that what you mean by time by myself is one thing could change and have the most impact, what would that one thing be
Debbie Barker: To be able to spend time by myself, like you said, go to the beauty shop.
Debbie Barker: Okay, and go stomping, and that sort of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You enjoyed that being able to sort of be your own Woman Do your own thing.
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now it's just a screeching halt.
Debbie Barker: You know,
Debbie Barker: I'm just stand at home like everybody else's
Debbie Barker: Tommy goes and does most of our running around.
Debbie Barker: We've only got 10 cases here in town. So that's not too bad.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take a look at. I want more time for myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can figure out a small step that you could create where there's time for yourself while you're on this sort of isolation quarantine status.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just
Debbie Barker: Like to go to the link
Debbie Barker: To the lake. Yeah, they've opened the State Park soon here in New Mexico.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. And you want to go with with Tommy or by yourself.
Debbie Barker: were telling me.
Debbie Barker: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you already talked to him about the ideas on
Debbie Barker: Oh, yeah.
Debbie Barker: What's good and get her.
Debbie Barker: License. Okay, so we can fish to
Debbie Barker: Ramp and everything else out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the plan at this point to go get that done.
Debbie Barker: Well hopefully here in the next week or so. I'm still waiting for my stimulus check to come in. I'm going to get my fishing life, that kind of thing, think it'd be good from the war two, the light
Debbie Barker: You to beautiful State Park.
Gwenevere Abriel: How far away is it
Debbie Barker: What's only about 15 miles.
Debbie Barker: It's not hard at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Fisher in there. What do you, what do you catch
Debbie Barker: Trout and catch fish.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fish. I don't even know, or is it just funny, you can do
Debbie Barker: You have fish.
Debbie Barker: Bowl.
Debbie Barker: They're really good.
Debbie Barker: Units and
Gwenevere Abriel: Gosh. Is it similar to to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: To to a trout or more like an orange roughy or cod. What would you say
Debbie Barker: It for him, probably more like a cod, but it's more tasteful and it caught is
Debbie Barker: Oh, they're delicious.
Gwenevere Abriel: I never knew that
Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know travel from Washington living in Washington State.
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of trout.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, my uncle lived in Washington state for years.
Debbie Barker: Flies or bad in this room today.
Debbie Barker: This is my for my spare room.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the
Debbie Barker: Yeah, it is. It's a catch all It sure is.
Gwenevere Abriel: We all have those
Debbie Barker: You know,
We've got
Debbie Barker: A big four bedroom trainer.
Debbie Barker: We've got plenty of room.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, let's talk a little bit about how else you can create this sense of time for yourself, just think about how you could find it even in your own home.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how could you create where maybe it doesn't feel like you're having time to the self, you could create it, even if it's for an hour. So how do you think you might be able to create that time.
Debbie Barker: Pardon my spare room.
Debbie Barker: Back here maybe movie or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever do that.
Debbie Barker: Every now and then I do yo
Debbie Barker: My sister's on and off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now when you're over at your sisters, is she just like up in your business and you really don't get that quiet mental space of alone time or are you able to young, you guys have good boundaries with each other.
Debbie Barker: Oh, yo, yo, okay, they're just me and her left in our family.
Debbie Barker: I lost my parents in their early 50s.
Debbie Barker: And then my brother was hit
Debbie Barker: And killed on the freeway.
Gwenevere Abriel: Walking. I remember that you had mentioned that he he doesn't know how to read very well that was something
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Debbie Barker: Gear the height. So he was walking on the bottom of the freeway, but he was also drinking to
Debbie Barker: Was after we lost her parents, and he was just pretty much lost
Gwenevere Abriel: That's just was too much for him.
Debbie Barker: It was. It really was.
Debbie Barker: I tried
Debbie Barker: Their phone, but I couldn't
Debbie Barker: Couldn't be everything doing
Debbie Barker: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: We have to grieve ourselves. We can read with each other. We can we can feel each other support, but ultimately that journey is our own
Yo,
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's keep let's keep talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: You. I was wrong. Actually, you had mentioned one that was more on the mental health side. You had said, I would like to feel better about myself. You hit said I want to feel better about myself and
Gwenevere Abriel: At the time that you and I spoke
Gwenevere Abriel: And we touched a little bit on it. On April 7. I was wondering how your self esteem was doing. And it was at about a 3.5 on a scale of zero to 10
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just checking in on that. What would you say your self esteem is these days.
Debbie Barker: I'm very bad at seven I feel a lot better about getting a haircut.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's cute.
Gwenevere Abriel: hair cut.
Debbie Barker: I like to wear pretty short. And it's pretty long, and it's pretty sick.
Gwenevere Abriel: At seven
Debbie Barker: Okay. You ever go to the doctor for your, your, your problems.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have thanks for asking. Yes, I have. And they've got some they've thrown out some ideas and I have done with a I've asked, and yet here I am.
Debbie Barker: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. It's annoying to if it is
Debbie Barker: Don't bother me at all. Everybody has their own little problems.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a miracle or by works as well as it does, I figure one of these things goes wrong. I just gotta roll with it.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, that's for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, okay, why don't know my hair cut gets you out of seven, we need to keep your hairdresser healthy and happy.
Debbie Barker: What they've opened up a few things here. So I'm hoping the barber shops and things like that to be here pretty soon to Tommy said real long and and stuff but keep drumming the back of it, but
Debbie Barker: We're looking for. I'm not doing it myself this time I did that one time and that was a big mistake.
Debbie Barker: In it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can do it on you guys can't really tell because I just have to log off the ends and
Debbie Barker: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys can't tell that it's uneven because you're not, you don't see it, but it's terrible back. There's all like
Debbie Barker: mine for a long time when nine was rolled long, but I've been wearing it short for about 20 years just easier Washington come back. I don't have to style it or nothing like that. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to join you. With that soon is, is your hair. Is it a gray or is it a blonde at this point. What is that I can't tell them the video.
Debbie Barker: For the blonde. The light brown
Debbie Barker: But there's a lot of gray in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Debbie Barker: Well, it's Kathy from one side to Wendy
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, thanks, Wendy.
Debbie Barker: Thanks a lot. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I've got a
Debbie Barker: Bunch of a down the signs but
Debbie Barker: Hopefully I won't go gray head in here real soon anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we spend a little bit of time talking about sleep.
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, how far back do you remember having just really trouble sleep. How old is this
Will
Debbie Barker: Never trouble for about 10 years
Debbie Barker: I just give up some time to go over to my sisters and get a couple of Xanax, if I don't. My body just, I just get some tired and then I start getting sick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it does. It was sleep.
Debbie Barker: Sleep. Just an hour to a night just don't cut it sometime I don't get any
Gwenevere Abriel: Now we start actually, we can have some psychotic hallucinations, we can start to actually start to go a little crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Without
Debbie Barker: Not asleep. I can't even stand myself, born in for a week or so.
Debbie Barker: My garden with yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, you know, it's a no win situation. She's always got a good comeback.
Yeah.
Debbie Barker: Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, doggone it, I try and one of her, but I can't always got that edge from. Oh, that's cute. I'm so looking back 10 years ago and forgive me if you've told me, but it just kind of want to get, get a little snapshot
Gwenevere Abriel: What was going on back then.
Debbie Barker: I don't know. I think somebody has to do with my arthritis and some of my health problems is, why don't sleep as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: He arthritis and what else are you suspecting
Debbie Barker: I'm my back and my knee.
Debbie Barker: So two things getting straightened out I'm supposed to be in for knee surgery and to put that fusion back together on my back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that'd be nice to
Get a procedure.
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm the arthritis wasn't there.
Gwenevere Abriel: 15 years ago.
Debbie Barker: No, just gradually got pretty bad over the last 10 years
Gwenevere Abriel: Any changes in family members, people that maybe had passed away or discord arguments or big fights with people during that time.
Debbie Barker: No, no.
Debbie Barker: I have a pretty loving family, we're all really close a little bit. We have left here anyway.
Debbie Barker: We want to be able to
Debbie Barker: My end, but nobody can go into nursing homes or anything else just yet, but I think she and then she likes it there. So that's really important.
Debbie Barker: At least I know to be taken care of. She starting to forget a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: She's still recognizes your voice when you talk to her.
Oh, yeah.
Debbie Barker: It would just time that they placed her somewhere. She wasn't she was taking a medicine quite right and things like that, because she would forget that she took it ninja get again.
Debbie Barker: Let's see, it's I think it's been about
Debbie Barker: I'm going to say three, four years since my uncle died that she's been on our own.
Debbie Barker: Really hard to see your elders have so many problems.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is true
Gwenevere Abriel: Um I if you're open to it. Um, I can I do, it's only a 20 question little inventory, just want to check in on just some some stress symptoms can I check in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I do I shared the screen with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let me. I'm just getting rid of. I have to clear it, it's up, but I need to take the
Gwenevere Abriel: Some numbers out of here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And make them clear it out to more seconds 1234567 and eight. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Share the screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just want to kind of get a little you know you're talking about disrupted sleep. I just want to check in a little bit on some stuff okay um
Gwenevere Abriel: What we're doing here is
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a list of
Gwenevere Abriel: statements or questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is a like art scale, which means if you tell me it's a zero. That means it's not true for you at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: A list of problems that people sometimes have in response to a very stressful experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just read each one will all read them with you and then you want to write either a zero, which is not at all a one is a little bit or moderately sorta yeah i to i continue to moderately have this go on are quite a bit with me.
Debbie Barker: You'll have to read them because I can barely seen them.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to read them all absolutely read them. I'll do both. I will
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll keep it up here and I will also read. So we'll do the first one. So again, it's zero. Not at all, one a little bit too is moderately three is quite a bit. And four is extremely
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay if I make them too big, the formatting will change.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here comes the first one. So you just kind of want to think about it, you know, over this last 30 days, whether they are not at all, or all the way to extremely. So the first one is, have you
Gwenevere Abriel: Had repeated disturbing and unwanted memories of the stressful experience.
Debbie Barker: Zero.
Gwenevere Abriel: A repeated disturbing dreams of a stressful experience and stressful. It can be trauma or it could be something else. But that's kind of what this stressful is
Debbie Barker: That would be one, but just been weird dreams that I've been been things that really happened is just
Debbie Barker: Even weird
Debbie Barker: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So weird.
Debbie Barker: That I wake up, think, oh, I don't want to go back to sleep and dream that again.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And then suddenly feeling or acting as if the stressful experience were actually happening again as if you were actually back there reliving it
Gwenevere Abriel: 300 I'm feeling very upset when something reminded you of the stressful experience.
Debbie Barker: Maybe a one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, having strong physical reactions when something reminded you of a stressful experience. For example, heart pounding trouble breathing or sweating.
Debbie Barker: Very be a one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Avoiding memories active, whoops, avoiding memories, thoughts or feelings related to the stressful experience.
Debbie Barker: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: 00 avoiding external reminders of the stressful experience. For example, certain people places conversations activities objects or situations.
Debbie Barker: Maybe a one.
Gwenevere Abriel: trouble remembering important parts of the stressful experience.
The wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Having strong negative beliefs about yourself or other people or the world, for example, having thought, such as I am bad. There's something seriously wrong with me or no one can be trusted. The world is completely dangerous.
Zero.
Gwenevere Abriel: Blaming. This is number 10 blaming yourself or someone else for the stressful experience or what happened after it.
Debbie Barker: Or maybe a one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Having strong negative feelings, such as fear power anger guilt or shame.
Debbie Barker: Maybe a one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Loss of interest in activities that you used to enjoy.
Debbie Barker: To on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh, feeling distant or cut off from other people.
Debbie Barker: Oh, that's probably good to know because of the situation we're in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly trouble experiencing positive feelings for
Gwenevere Abriel: Being unable to feel happiness or having loving feelings for people close to you.
Through
Gwenevere Abriel: Irritable behavior angry outbursts or acting aggressively.
Gwenevere Abriel: In
Debbie Barker: The room.
Gwenevere Abriel: taking too many risks are doing things that could cause you harm.
Debbie Barker: Zero.
Gwenevere Abriel: being super alert or watchful or on guard.
Gwenevere Abriel: 00
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling three more feeling jumpy or easily startled.
Debbie Barker: I was probably about one
Gwenevere Abriel: Having
Debbie Barker: Having that one. I don't
Debbie Barker: Sleep a whole lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Night. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Easy. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I having difficulty concentrating
Debbie Barker: On one
Gwenevere Abriel: Trouble falling or staying asleep.
Debbie Barker: Probably
Debbie Barker: Too.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just to review these you had choices of not at all, which of course was the zero a little bit wasn't one moderately was a to quite a bit was three and extremely was for
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, okay. Was there ever a time when any of these were extremely
Debbie Barker: Maybe the sleeping problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and at its worst
Gwenevere Abriel: When was that
Debbie Barker: Maybe a couple of weeks ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was going on at the time.
Debbie Barker: Me and Kathy were arguing
Yeah.
Debbie Barker: Okay, he got into were told me last week, pretty good too.
Debbie Barker: And he's not a nice
Debbie Barker: You didn't New Yorker.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hope what a New Yorkers do when they're not nice.
Oh,
Debbie Barker: They have diarrhea of the mouth.
Debbie Barker: And not in a good way, either.
Debbie Barker: He's a true New York
Debbie Barker: Never thought I'd end up with the New Yorker.
Gwenevere Abriel: There you are.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, sometime. He's got to be putting this place. And I'm pretty good about that. Do you listen to
Gwenevere Abriel: But there was a sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: Even worse, sleep, corruption, when there's this sort of dynamic going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: When Tommy is got the diarrhea of the mouth or is in his New York sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Moment.
Debbie Barker: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how do you feel on an emotional level when he is being mean.
Debbie Barker: This is me on
Debbie Barker: Some time. There's no need to say mean things you can say things and another man or
Debbie Barker: Being me. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Danny, could you let me into your world a little bit so I can register, much like what we just did with the sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: What a two is, I know what a zero is, I know what for is for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm not going to go call them. But what sound. What a that sounded mean
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm not, I can hear any number of f bombs and I know I look like a square but
Gwenevere Abriel: I can hear anything.
Yeah.
Debbie Barker: Say that again. My mind just went blank.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, interesting. Um, so I'm trying to sort of give you a reassurance that you don't have to censor or edit anything I try to reassure people I know I look like someone who would be offended by customers and whatever, but I'm not
Debbie Barker: It would be
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good. So what was it that he said that it made you mad that he could have said in a nice way. But he didn't. What was the the main way he said it.
Debbie Barker: Some time with this just the tone of his voice and not being nice at all.
Debbie Barker: Fuck this are fucked out or this
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Debbie Barker: You just get the net New York state of mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it Kathy had left dirty dishes in the sink and he said, Fuck this.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was it, what was this sort of sequence of events that led to this.
Debbie Barker: Statement probably dirty dishes or somebody coming to the door late at night or somebody rapping on the window, you know, waking him up. He hears that window open when that window opens. Believe me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that all that happens. That's pretty short statement.
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just that.
Yo,
Just
Debbie Barker: He just wants her to do something more thorough live and do a little bit around him, you know and and help us. It should all beyond just me and Tommy
Gwenevere Abriel: I agree with you. I do. I agree.
Debbie Barker: I get targeted cooking every night.
Gwenevere Abriel: So do I understand that it looks like this. You got to correct me. I'm trying to have a window into what what your world is like
Gwenevere Abriel: He sees something he walks into the kitchen. He just says that short phrase and then walks back out and says nothing else, or what really
Debbie Barker: What really happened. He just keeps it up until we run out of things to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: And who hears him, is it just you, is it you, and Kathy who all hear them.
Debbie Barker: Me and Kathy.
Debbie Barker: You don't usually act that way when somebody is around
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so just just family kind of thing.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It runs out of things to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: For five minutes for half hour. Like, what are we talking about here.
Debbie Barker: Fun that 10 minute
Oh,
Debbie Barker: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: And our, our dishes. Flying is spits coming out of his mouth and he breaking things. Is he hurting any
Grabbing people
Debbie Barker: That know
Gwenevere Abriel: And the days.
Gwenevere Abriel: And weeks leading up to this event was he completely quiet.
Debbie Barker: Most of the time, yo.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is this him being fed up.
Debbie Barker: Totally. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's sometimes when you wish you could talk like that too.
Debbie Barker: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, there's a nice you prefer to do it. Nice. Right.
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Debbie Barker: I might say if you ever word
Debbie Barker: But I
Debbie Barker: wouldn't go to that extreme.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there some truth telling and what he says.
Debbie Barker: Oh yeah, some
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of it.
Debbie Barker: And he just like mouth override this at some time.
Debbie Barker: But it
Debbie Barker: That's just the man I guess, I don't know, but he's very kind hearted, he's good to her. He just gets fed up with things.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he did. He does he have adult children that have since
Gwenevere Abriel: Gone and
Debbie Barker: You don't have a relationship with his kids.
Debbie Barker: He's been eight years in prison over something that he done and his wife just didn't let him talk to the kids, one of his sons come out and spend a couple of weeks, but come to find out he was on the run, of course.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Debbie Barker: They've been will come out and garden, but I wish he did have a relationship with this kids.
Debbie Barker: I've always encouraged and to try
Debbie Barker: To talk to us x today on Facebook. So maybe those are beginning to where he can, you know, talk to his kids. I think that would be good for him.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you think that might be good for them.
Debbie Barker: To get to know him.
Debbie Barker: Tell me more. He don't know anything about his kids party.
Debbie Barker: They just don't want to talk to him, I guess, I guess all the time he was in jail is X kind of bad mouth, you know,
Debbie Barker: They're dead to him.
Debbie Barker: Because somebody else stepped into place and and she remarried and I guess they look up to him as a father instead autonomy. Right.
Debbie Barker: We're trying to stand.
Gwenevere Abriel: It did he ever have any years where he was
Gwenevere Abriel: He got to be a father of children in his own home. Was he able to sort of be a parent for some time.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, he was
Debbie Barker: Oh for probably for about seven or eight years before he went to prison.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what did he have those kids so he's like he had an eight year old maybe when he went in.
Debbie Barker: He has three kids.
Debbie Barker: And they're similar to the agent. My kids are
Gwenevere Abriel: When you see him.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we can come up with another phrase I I don't know how else to use it. But the phrases you have used
Gwenevere Abriel: The being mean the New York mean
Gwenevere Abriel: That style of communication. When you see that
Gwenevere Abriel: Does he look like he knows how to parent
Debbie Barker: No.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was just curious. You know what I mean, if he has
Debbie Barker: Not had enough experience with kids especially adult kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think you've got that he doesn't have. What's that skill or a few of them.
Debbie Barker: That I've raised my kids, since they were born and
Debbie Barker: I just know both of my girls pretty well. I had the hand on hand relationship with them, where he didn't have
Gwenevere Abriel: That's important. Right. You really, you know, the subtle preferences and and communication style and and that is hard earned you earned that by by raising them.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, by being there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been there, you know, just thinking now about you know how a moment ago, I asked you, does Tommy know how does he have the skills to, let's say, be a parent and you were pretty sure you're like, Nope.
Debbie Barker: He's learning, he's, he
Debbie Barker: Just lacks the patient.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we just found one that's a skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just found one that so that's what I was bringing us back to this had to do with pain with the skill itself. So you have patients would you say
Yeah.
Debbie Barker: No choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what else does it take
Debbie Barker: Dedication
Oh, yeah.
Debbie Barker: What is it understanding ending
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you think about Kathy.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is your dedication to her as an adult child.
Debbie Barker: To always be there to try to talk things out and tried to figure out what we're gonna do next and
Debbie Barker: She did. She don't have very good self esteem.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's
Debbie Barker: I think that
Debbie Barker: A lot of the drugs and the men that she has around her.
Debbie Barker: Her boyfriend talks down to
Debbie Barker: I wouldn't have anybody like that.
Debbie Barker: I wouldn't listen to
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you make a distinction when your daughter is in active addiction about how parenting will look different. When your daughter's in active addiction versus when she's not is there different skills needed
Debbie Barker: More patients with the addiction.
Gwenevere Abriel: A more patients. Okay.
Debbie Barker: I tried to understand her, but that's not always easy.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about this word.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a pretty common one in recovery around
Gwenevere Abriel: Boundaries. How do you think that might be a skill that can be useful with your adult daughter that's struggling with addiction. How could boundaries plan on check and see what you know about that word.
Debbie Barker: She know she can't go in and out all the time at night or or people come into cotton thinking window and things like that she can only push so far. And that's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think you and Tommy have the same boundaries for what you'll tolerate and what you want.
Debbie Barker: Sometimes they'll tolerate more than I will.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when he was upset recently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Had he reached his limit.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever gotten to the point where just sort of saying it is you know isn't enough. And you're going to have to
Gwenevere Abriel: Set a firmer
Gwenevere Abriel: And and and say, you know, you're gonna you're going to need to have, you're going to go
Debbie Barker: Yeah, I've kicked off quite a few times, many times. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how about a communication skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: That one where you communicate how you feel.
Gwenevere Abriel: How, how much is that played into your particular parenting style maybe Tommy's particular parenting style. It's not for everyone.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: They do it, how, how comfortable are you guys at communicating sort of the I feel statements in your relationship.
Debbie Barker: We can talk about things.
Debbie Barker: Yeah. Mm hmm.
Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so recently um
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you tell me, maybe a little story about how Kathy shared with you how she's feeling recently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Emotionally already know how she's feeling physically
Debbie Barker: Or no, she don't feel very good about herself.
Debbie Barker: Get off of this and and get a job, get a car and you know do things like people her age do
Gwenevere Abriel: When she tells you how she feels. What does it sound like
Debbie Barker: That she don't feel good about herself.
Gwenevere Abriel: She say why.
Debbie Barker: Because of the diction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't there typically more to it underneath the substance use. Aren't there other things going on.
Yo,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yo, she talked about
Sometime
Debbie Barker: Sometime, he has to do with your boyfriend and oh mean he is torture.
Debbie Barker: I wish to give find somebody else but gems to care a lot about this guy, but he's a jerk.
Debbie Barker: I'm wouldn't want to be with somebody that talk down to me.
Debbie Barker: I'd want to be with somebody that thought I was pretty and talk, you know,
Debbie Barker: treated me. Well, instead of talking to me like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this, this new york way of being mean. Has it been directed at you in your marriage and your relationship with Tommy
Debbie Barker: Every now and then.
Debbie Barker: We are, we have a pretty open communication.
She's
Debbie Barker: Been working for going on 13 years now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your daughter Kathy was raised.
Gwenevere Abriel: By someone who probably what it was pretty she was pretty familiar with being treated
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: With a lot of respect. So it does it surprise you should end up being attracted to someone, kind of, who doesn't respect her emotional and physical
Debbie Barker: Now we know
Debbie Barker: It doesn't surprise me.
Debbie Barker: If he reminds me a lot.
Debbie Barker: Of her dad.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule another appointment to review.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check in
Debbie Barker: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's this at the week of May 11 through May 15 and if you can. Let's meet again at that same hour of 12 o'clock on May 11
Okay.
Debbie Barker: Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So one thing I want to mention
Gwenevere Abriel: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to ask you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you like more of or less of in our work together. What would you like therapy. Little bit. Maybe if we had to tweak something changed something because I need to kind of see which direction to go. And I want to hear from you.
Debbie Barker: About that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay because you have had therapy before and
Gwenevere Abriel: Since I have an extra challenge with the telehealth and sometimes you're a gala a few words.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to hear from us direction to go because there's lots of different things we can do. I have
Gwenevere Abriel: Interventions that I can do that are around nightmares or there around trauma history or an identity or negative self talk
Gwenevere Abriel: Or if you were presenting with a specific response anxiety response, but I just did an inventory and mostly. It sounds like
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't, we didn't rise to it. Even a to
Gwenevere Abriel: on many levels. So it sounds like
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sound like you're under low stress throughout the day.
Debbie Barker: much weaker. So I'm been stretched film.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so sometimes what happens is those numbers that we just did there.
Gwenevere Abriel: For some people, they're all low because my client has a high pain tolerance, meaning psychological pain tolerance, they put up with a lot already.
Gwenevere Abriel: So they're not going to have that for so I didn't. I can't
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so I don't know if that's what I'm looking at.
Gwenevere Abriel: But when you mentioned the other day about just now actually about, hey, I had a weird dream, maybe not want to go back to sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: And wondering if maybe that's something you would want to explore with me further and maybe we could
Debbie Barker: Go in and
Debbie Barker: Having a lot of them were dreams lately.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that could be something. So why don't we do that we'll, we'll bring up these weird dreams and in the interim, if you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: You can have next to your bed side of journal and even little details about it was a was a, you know, specific things like
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it was so bizarre. It started like a car, and then it turned into my foot or blah blah blah blah is weird is it. Believe me, I know what dreams can be like this bizarre inner mix of reality.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: And fantasy or where are they coming from but what's kind of an interesting thing to do is sort of explore that through some dream work that we can do together.
Debbie Barker: Okay. Sounds good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even a little, a little statement like it was two in the morning and I had this dream and you just wrote even one little, little sentence down would be great.
Debbie Barker: I have to write them down because I forget him wrote easy
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well, especially that one where he didn't want to go back to sleep to it as my interest. I'm very curious about that and the symbols that we're in, and then I can kind of take a look at it with you and we'll do an exercise. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna message your doc.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, that you were here, Dr. Solomon right
Debbie Barker: Yep.
Debbie Barker: He filled it for a week. This last one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Cool. No, you need anything else besides
Gwenevere Abriel: Some let him know that you are here.
Debbie Barker: No, just to let him know I was here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Well, then I'll see you in in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll see right, I'll see you on group and then of course I'll see you in individual therapy on Monday.
Debbie Barker: Okay.
Debbie Barker: Okay, thank you. Have a nice day.